choose a new bath your apartment
it is important that it suits you not only
in size but at the same time it was
easy to wash
and whether it was not scratched
let's find out the most modern
The material for the production of van is acrylic
he light bath weighs 15 25 kilograms
it cools down warm six times slower
cast iron baths
it is scratch resistant and practical
chipped acrylic baths can be any
size and shape as well as capable
withstand even the most
large owner in the store
study the surface carefully
vending model she should be
perfectly flat and smooth and if there is
the opportunity to intercede right in the store and
in the bath she should not sag under
weighing your own body
it is desirable that the thickness of acrylic was
high at least six millimeters this
very clearly visible on the cut and certainly not
forget about the relaxation of this will help you
function of hydro and aero massage
today is completed with modern baths
ordinary water procedure turn into
treatment-and-prophylactic
special attention to the topic of their health
buyers are paying Radomir to the company
releasing quality baths and showers
cabins that have a positive
influence on the general condition of the body
The company actively cooperates with
treatment-and-prophylactic
and spa facilities this
not surprising because the list
of opportunities
Radomir acrylic baths are great this aero
hydromassage
chromotherapy built-in radio function and
much more
baths of any complexity and modification
presented in the center of finishing
materials metropolis
choose the one that will be the maximum
match your requirements in
there are dozens of models and also
possibility to order a bath according to the catalog
competent expert advice
help you make the right choice +
delivery service and brand installation
sanitary ware center finishing materials
metropolis address October Avenue
116a
Blucher street 39
glad kirovo-Chepetsk